c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample.exe.config
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample.exe
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample.pdb
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample.g.resources
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample.exe
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample.pdb
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\oem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MVVMEditComboBoxItemsSample\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
